									~ Copypaster WobbyChip ~
	
I first heard about WobbyChip on my server. He was frequently uploading all sorts of crap to the #malware channel.
I myself, without realizing this simple truth, had previously done several reviews of his creations. I remember him from his super-mega-cool MBR lockers,
which he wrote every hour. That is, when it started, the computer would simply reboot and then some message would pop up like:
"Your PC is hacked by wobbychip" or a picture. And there was no variety, and if he created a new version, then, for example,
I simply replaced the text or the image... Well, if I wasn't making another MBR locker, I stole other people's ideas, and in the end it turned out
Something like Trojan.KitteyHacker.TKHB. Basically, it's Joke.Koteyka, created by Ender, but with destructive features like Overite.
Windows boot record... The latest works of this disabled person are WinXP.Horror.Destructive (!!!), Trojan.Screamer.Win32.
Two Trojans with crooked screamers, and another one has a non-existent class of malware "WinXP", "Horror" in its name.

Besides me, viruscheck also did a review. He considers this whole thing a quarrel and apparently disagrees with my opinion, since there are reviews for everything.
She still does all of the above. That is, she sucks his dick, and in the description she writes "the long-awaited horror virus from that very same WobbyChip."
Actually, these two patients are already beyond cure. But he obviously doesn't give a shit, since he has 18,000 fucking subscribers! And his subscribers, too.
The same shit-eaters, otherwise I just remember how in the video he called the MBR locker a boot record.

The essence of the problem

I've met people like WobbyChip many times, but he's lucky enough to get reviews of his crap! And people like that appear because
They want to make viruses, but they're too lazy to work or learn languages ​​properly. And after writing another batch file, they immediately go off to tell stories.
They tell their mom and dad and classmates about it. Then they hear a bunch of bullshit about how they'll be IT geniuses and hackers. Then they try to convince them otherwise.
they will no longer be possible. I want to say that the article was not written JUST to shit. It was written to show,
For example, just learning about programming doesn't necessarily mean you know enough. By spending more time and effort
The result will always be better. Consequently, the motivation for others will be normal.